U of M 2010 Mobile Apps Competition – FTW!
Published on January 18, 2011.
Continuing in my tradition of winning contests that I entered with very little expectation of actually winning, I got an email a week or two back about the University of Michigan 2010 Mobile Apps Competition that I entered in November.
The competition is open to students, faculty and staff at the university.
Since I’m working on a part time basis at the university, I figured I would enter a few of my apps.
I chose Checkmate and ♥s Threadless , and made some awkward demo videos of each.
Checkmate ended up winning third place out of many many competitive entries (leaders and the best!), so I’m super happy about that.
Here’s a story in the University Record about it .
The HiJack project that’s been getting a lot of press was the grand prize winner.
Props to those guys!
Winning a prize in this contest was a really nice way to start my year.
It’s really encouraging me to continue doing mobile apps and exploring what’s possible.